Do you think that television has had an effect on your use of leisure time over the years?
Oh yes, definitely, without a doubt. Yes. We do see we select the viewers, because quite often we don't
have television on until nine o'clock, but television does play a very important part in our lives.
There's no doubt about it. I think it plays an important part in everybody's lives. I think anybody who says
it doesn't are kidding themselves, because when he knows I'm an avid news watcher, I must have the
six o'clock or ten o'clock news on, or when I knock on him, he's depressed.
And of all the things that you've seen over the years, what has left the greatest impression on you?
Oh, it's got to be Mandela. We had the pleasure last year of Wounderbilly Slines, and we went up to
Robben Island. The moment we arrived there, Wend started crying, and didn't stop crying until we got
off, until we got back on the boat. And I wasn't far behind. That day when he walked free, oh dear me,
that will be everlasting. And it's cemented now, because we've been there, and we actually went to the
cell where he spent all his years. We've had the background of all that he did, the background of all that
he stood for, all the things he refused, because they couldn't break him. And when we found out that they
offered him this, that and the other, he said, no, no, no, offer it to us all or nothing. The character of the
man. And because we've been there as well, it's just a stare now. And whenever you see that walk now, oh,
boy, oh, boy, it gets better and better. But there's another as well I think that had an impact, a similar
thing, great man, Jeff Kay. You know, the other time he got shot, we all knew where we were, I sort of knew
where I was. And that, as a teenager, had a very big effect, and I couldn't get enough of watching it,
because I never ever subscribed to the theory of the assassination. And we never know the truth. I'd love to,
but we never will. But that, again, the mystery surrounding it as well, has added to it. But the assassination of
Kennedy, as a teenager, oh, dear me, huge impact, huge impact. He was our hero. You know, a young man taking
charge of the world, assassinated, and then all the plots and counter plots that came after it kept the news
going for years and years, and then theories come out. So we've never lost it. Never lost it. And two great men.
I think Mandela more than anything else, because our friend actually met him, and he got a photograph of his wall
with Mandela, so, and the greatness of the man himself.